# CSE5462-lab2

## Introduction

This repository includes codes for simple TCP client and server implementation. Server is required for receiving data through specified port number, while the client will ask server IP address and port number to establish connection. Plus, client will listen and send the user input via the channel until a string "STOP" is received. Both client and server code include basic error handling and garbage input examination. A proper prompt will print once above situation is detected. 

## Instruction

Within the file folder, runnable executables are provided. However, one can use "Makefile"'s command to compile as well by simple input:
```
make
```
or by typing:
```
gcc -g -Wall -o client client2.c
gcc -g -Wall -o server server2.c
```
Once the executables are generated, type:
```
server (portNumber)
```
to start the server. And input:
```
client (server IP address) (portNumber)
```
to establish connection. After this, client can input the message they want to send as their wish. To stop the client, one can simply input:
```
STOP
```

## File explanation

- [client2.c] - source code of client in c
- [client] - executable which is generated by client2.c
- [client2] - sample executable provided by Dr. Dave Ogle
- [client2-CUDenver] - sample executable provided by Dr. Dave Ogle
- [server2.c] - source code of server in c
- [server] - executable which is generated by server2.c
- [server2] - sample executable provided by Dr. Dave Ogle
- [server2-CUDenver] - sample executable provided by Dr. Dave Ogle
- [Makefile] - makefile, other than compiling client.c and server.c on its default command, it can remove executables that are generated by client2.c and server2.c
- [README] - A readme file, which includes instruction and file explanation of this lab.
